hello everyone and everyone welcome to a
new road video with andrew I'm going to
present the products that I have gone
ending and I always end up with
too many for a video so I guess
that I will distribute it along the
next months and I have this bag full
so I do not linger anymore and we're going to
start the product that is more
up is this one here and they are
exfoliating socks for the feet and
it's very funny because there was never
tested this type of product and we
some youtubers were given that we went to a
clark event which is a store of
the group drugstores of the same group
that the supermarkets diaz to that
You can also use this product
find us then mark the days the
Mark is Monterrey and they are like a
kind of plastic bags that are
full or that have a lot of product
inside a liquid inside that leads
glycolic lactic acid or acid
salicylic then you put them in
I think you have to be about 90 minutes
with the feet with that on and then what
you retire and the moment like that does not seem
that the fact prologue effect during the
next 7 days or the next seven
days all the skin is released
dead of the feet is a tad more than
theirs in the sense that they are going
clearing the feet as if we were a
snake but it 's true that when
all that process ends the feet are left
impeccable I suppose that if we use
this type of product with certain
frequency maybe once every two
months or once a month the effect is not
so dramatic but the
super soft feet and it will not be so so
unpleasant that feeling of is not that
is unpleasant but it is very rare that
go skinning the feet is also
that can approach the skin as a
strips then it 's kind of weird that but
it's true that super-tasty when
At the end, the feet are very soft and
perfect I recommend it and
I will probably do that to buy
two or three envelopes
of these to use it with certain
often because the result is
incredible the next product that you
I'm going to show you is this protective spray
Heat is called heat or keratin and is
laboratory or phyto and I liked it
quite because it moisturizes hair
or at least prevent him from getting dehydrated
too much hair when we use
dryer irons or tongs is
pretty good the bad is the price that
it is quite high but it is a product
that 's pretty good that's very good
yes I do not cheat the spray system
of the spray because it comes out as very jet
the next product that I'm going to
teach is this oil cleanser of
damn it's called nectar tubes and it's a
cleaning oil that removes all the
makeup removes it pretty well is
bio cosmetic so those that
feel is this kind of products os
will like and it is true that the aromas of
damn and the textures of Merida are
very well, I do not think I'll return it to
buy short-term of the moment because
I have a lot of make-up removers
pending to try
want to try them and tell you how
it seems, but it seems like a
new product the next one is this
hand cream cause
it's called cause lips ucn hands clean and
contains sweet orange and mint I liked it
very much use it I like that
feeling of freshness that leaves in the
menthol products especially in the
hands and the aroma is magnificent orange
and mint I just used the last drop
that was and is very well is a cream
of hands that came to me with the beats box no
I know exactly where you can buy
cause but surely there will be stores
online you simply have to search
cause online in google and surely
I found and I think it's a good
Hand cream is very good and I do not think
that the price is the super high the
next product that I will teach
is a black eyeliner and it is this that
flame super line air mag matic
l'oreal the rest is that it's like a pencil
Retractable no longer has anything so
the bad the only thing that we liked
a lot of this eyeliner is that the
mine was drying too fast and
final I did not paint then I'm going to throw it
because the truth that I did not like
too much I believed at the beginning when I
I bought it I loved it I liked it a lot
how it was but it is true that if
spoils or dries out too quickly
so I do not know I'll have to try other
options to see if with the same
pigmentation I get one more texture
creamy the next product that I 'm going
to teach is an eye contour of phil
honda that is this one here is called time
filler eyes is an outline of those that
They are very good with anti-aging treatment
It is not a product that tells you to go
running to buy it but it's a
product that is good that has quality
and what works if you like the signature
philologist or if you want to try a product
philologist may be a good option
to start and I think it's a
product that works that is not going to
remove the wrinkles but it does leave the
hydrated area
and work if we work it well
It works also for dark circles and other
so it's an eye contour that's
pretty good I have a nail polish and
is the name you are from rimmel london is a
'base coat and he has a tad
problem is that I'm going to throw it away because
although he has a little bit like
brush is a bit short you can not
take advantage so once I've
applied on a nail if I put it
again I do not get to the product so what
I'm going to shoot already because it's a roll but
it's a product that has worked well for me
has prevented my nails from getting on
yellow with the nail polish that
yes, that happened to me and I have not noticed
that strengthened my nails because I
he had strong but definitely
It helps the nails do not look so
affected by the nail polish that
let's apply over and finally I'll
speak of a range of flow and that is the
polyphenol range c-15 this is a
miniature of 0 is a mini size but
I have used it in several trips and
also being at home
and it's a serum that I liked
very much I think it has very good
value for money and I think it's
pretty good for those you want
start treating the first signs of
I do not think age is a very
powerful but I think it works well for
skins between 25 or 45 years I think that
it's pretty good and relationship
price-quality I think it's great and
nothing more here until the last
finished products I hope you have
liked this video we are going visit very
strong tell me if you have tried any
of the products that ends here and
nothing else we see each other in the next
I kiss very strong and see you later